TiUP: Add three docs about tiup dm display, upgrade, and cluster check (#5291)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-component-dm-display.md

---
title: tiup dm display
---

# tiup dm display

If you want to check the operational status of each component in a cluster, it is inefficient to log in to each machine one by one. Therefore, tiup-dm provides the `tiup dm display` command to do this job efficiently.

## Syntax

```shell
tiup dm display <cluster-name> [flags]
```

> `<cluster-name>` is the name of the cluster to operate on. If you forget the cluster name, check it in [tiup cluster list](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-list.md).

Author: @lucklove please help check if a similar change is also needed in the Chinese version. Thanks!

> `<cluster-name>` is the name of the cluster to operate on. If you forget the cluster name, check it in [tiup cluster list](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-list.md).

Reviewer: It seems that the Chinese version is correct.

> `<cluster-name>` is the name of the cluster to operate on. If you forget the cluster name, check it in [tiup cluster list](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-list.md).

Author: ```suggestion
`<cluster-name>` is the name of the cluster to operate on. If you forget the cluster name, you can check it using the `[tiup cluster list](/tiup/tiup-component-cluster-list.md)` command.
```

> `<cluster-name>` is the name of the cluster to be operated. If you forget the cluster name, check it in the [tiup dm cluster list](/tiup/tiup-component-dm-list.md).

Author: ```suggestion
`<cluster-name>` is the name of the cluster to be operated. If you forget the cluster name, you can use the `[tiup dm list](/tiup/tiup-component-dm-list.md)` command to check it.
```

## Options

### -N, --node

>  - Specifies the IDs of the nodes to query, splitting by commas for multiple nodes. If you are not sure about the ID of a node, you can skip this option in the command to show the IDs and status of all nodes in the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies the IDs of the nodes to query, splitting by commas for multiple nodes. If you are not sure about the ID of a node, you can skip this option in the command to show the IDs and status of all nodes in the output.
```
Sorry for the additional space 😂

> Specifies the IDs of the nodes to query, splitting by commas for multiple nodes. If you are not sure about the ID of a node, you can skip this option in the command to show the IDs and status of all nodes in the output.
> Data type: `STRING`
> This option is enabled by default with `[]` (which means all nodes) passed in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Specifies the IDs of the nodes to query, splitting by commas for multiple nodes. If you are not sure about the ID of a node, you can skip this option in the command to show the IDs and status of all nodes in the output.
- Data type: `STRING`
- This option is enabled by default with `[]` (which means all nodes) passed in.
```

> **Note:**
> 
> If `-R, --role` is also specified, only the services in the intersection of the specified nodes and roles is queried.

> ### -R, --role strings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### -R, --role
```

> Specifies the roles to query, splitting by commas for multiple roles. If you are not sure about the role deployed on a node, you can skip this option in the command to show the roles and status of all nodes in the output.
> Data type: `STRING`
> This option is enabled by default with `[]` (which means all roles) passed in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies the roles to query, splitting by commas for multiple roles. If you are not sure about the role deployed on a node, you can skip this option in the command to show the roles and status of all nodes in the output.
- Data type: `STRING`
- This option is enabled by default with `[]` (which means all roles) passed in.
```

> **Note:**
> 
> If `-N, --node` is also specified, only the services in the intersection of the specified nodes and roles is queried.

### -h, --help

- Prints the help information.
- Data type: `BOOLEAN`
- This option is disabled by default with the `false` value. To enable this option, add this option to the command, and either pass the `true` value or do not pass any value.

## Output

- Cluster name
- Cluster version
- SSH client type
- A table containing the following fields:

>     - `ID`: the Node ID, consisting of IP:PORT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `ID`: the node ID, consisting of IP:PORT.
```
